Add how to manually update the Translation Status Overview Issue (#1502)
withastro/docs: MAINTAINERS.md

- If you speak the language natively, check the content for accuracy. Note: some languages have created their own glossaries and/or language guides located in their language folder within `/src/i18n/`.
- If you do not speak the language natively, and the PR has not had any recent activity, you can use online translation tools (e.g. Google Translate) and scan the results for anything that looks wildly out of place. Also, visit the page in the PR’s Netlify deploy preview to verify that nothing is visually out of place. While we always prefer to have a review from a native speaker of the language, having translated docs with some errors is usually better than having no docs at all.

> #### Manual Translation Status Overview Issue Updates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Correcting an Incorrect Translation Status
```

> If a PR that should have been marked as a minor change was merged, the Translation Status Overview Issue will consider the page's translations as "needs updating". In case this occurs and there aren't any other updates needed for that translation, take the following steps to manually update the tracker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Translation Status Overview Issue incorrectly shows "needs updating" for a page (e.g. a typo fix to an English page triggered the status update), take the following steps to manually update the tracker:
```

- Open the [Translation Status Overview](https://github.com/withastro/docs/issues/438) Issue.
- Click the "Edit" button.

> - Find the big JSON object at the end (i.e, the translation's internal progress data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find the big JSON object at the end (i.e. the translation's internal progress data).
```

> - Replace the `lastMajorChange` value of the affected languages with today's date and hour.

Reviewer: A code sample or screenshot might be nice here, but that can always be added later if we find people need more guidance following these instructions!

Author: I added a code sample with a very simplified view of the JSON object, let me know what you think!

> The next time a PR gets merged, the translation tracking script will be rerun and update the overview issue, removing the page from the "needs updating" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process tells the tracker that the page was updated "now." The next time a PR gets merged, the translation tracking script will be rerun and the page will appear to have been updated, removing its "needs updating" icon.
```
